task queue naming best practices (#3543)
temporalio/documentation: docs/encyclopedia/workers/task-queue-naming.mdx

// additional code would follow

const worker = await Worker.create({
  taskQueue: TASK_QUEUE_NAME,
  connection,
  workflowsPath: require.resolve('./workflows'),
  activities,
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="dotnet" label=".NET">

**Excerpt of code used to define a constant with the Task Queue name in C# and .NET**

```csharp
public static class WorkflowConstants
{
    public const string TaskQueueName = "translation-tasks";
}
```

**Excerpt of code used to start the Workflow, referencing the constant defined with the Task Queue name in C# and .NET**

```csharp
var options = new WorkflowOptions(
            id: "translation-workflow",
            taskQueue: WorkflowConstants.TaskQueueName);

// Run workflow
var result = await client.ExecuteWorkflowAsync(
    (TranslationWorkflow wf) => wf.RunAsync(input),
    options);
```

**Excerpt of code used to configure the Worker, referencing the constant defined with the Task Queue name in C# and .NET**

```csharp
using var worker = new TemporalWorker(
    client,
    new TemporalWorkerOptions(WorkflowConstants.TaskQueueName)
    .AddAllActivities(activities)
    .AddWorkflow<TranslationWorkflow>());
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

> However, it’s not always possible to do this, such as when the Client used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it’s not always possible to do define the Task Queue name in a constant, such as when the Client used
```
I've been taught to watch out for ambiguous "this" and "that," so they jump out at me now.

to start the Workflow is running on another system or is implemented in a
different programming language.

## Running Multiple Worker Processes

> 

Reviewer: This section feels a little tacked-on to me. The rest of the article has been about naming conventions, and multiple processes isn't really related. Maybe this would go better on the Worker Deployments page?
